Update README.md (#3)
eliskavo/buk-klab: README.md

# buk klab

A web application for the buk klab project, a book club that connects book enthusiasts to share insights and opinions on the books they read together.

## Technologies Used
- **TypeScript**
- **React**
- **Vite**
- **Yarn**

## Project Overview
Buk klab allows users to explore book details, rate books, and join the reading club. The application features a dynamic layout with React components styled using SCSS, and book data is fetched via an external API.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

> Make sure you have the following installed on your machine:
> - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
> - [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have the following installed on your machine:
   - Node.js 18.x
   - yarn 1.x
```
